ask the Lord for rain in the time of the
latter rain the Lord will make flashing
clouds He will give them showers of rain
grass in the field for everyone for the
idols speak delusion the diviners
envision lies and tell false dreams they
comfort in vain therefore the people
when their way like sheep they are in
trouble because there is no Shepherd my
anger is kindled against the shepherds
and I will punish but goat heads for the
Lord of hosts will visit his flock the
house of Judah and will make them as his
royal horse in the battle from him comes
the cornerstone from him the tent peg
from him the battle bow from him every
ruler together they shall be like mighty
men who tread down their enemies in the
mire of the streets in the battle they
shall fight because the Lord is with
them and the riders on horses shall be
put to shame I will strengthen the house
of Judah and I will save the haunts of
Joseph I will bring them back because i
have not sinned they shall be as though
i had not cast them aside for i am the
lord their god and i will hear them
those of ephraim shall be like a mighty
man and their heart shall rejoice as if
with wine yes their children shall seed
and be glad their heart shall rejoice in
the lord i will whistle father and
gather them for i will redeem them and
they shall increase as they once
increased
I will show them among the peoples and
they shall remember me
in far countries they shall live
together with their children and they
shall return I will also bring them back
from the land of Egypt and gather them
from Assyria I will bring them into the
land of Gilead and level until no more
room is found for them he shall pass
through the sea with a flick and strike
the waves of the sea all the depth of
the river shal dry out then the pride of
Assyria shall be brought down and the
scepter of Egypt shall depart so I will
strengthen them and they shall walk up
and down in his name says the Lord
you